Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain
a horror film called "The Devil's Rejects."
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care.
Somewhere in Ruggsville
County, Texas, a man named Tiny
drags a woman's lifeless body across the
woods. But he stops and removes a burlap
sack covering his burnt face when he sees a squad
of police cars heading towards the Firefly house.
When the police arrive at their destination,
they park their cars and prepare themselves for
a shootout. The family sleeps inside, oblivious to
the arrival of the authorities. As they get into
position, Sheriff John Quincy Wydell utters
some encouragement to Officer Ray Dobson,
saying that dying is not an option for them. He
grabs the speaker box and calls out to the family,
telling them that they're surrounded. The family
immediately wakes up and scrambles to grab their
weapons. Baby asks Rufus Jr. if he's seen Tiny
around, but Rufus says he didn't. Mama Firely
tells her that Tiny went out the previous night.
As Mother Firefly puts on an iron mask as a
shield, she reminisces when Baby was born, saying
she looked like an angel. The rest of the family
puts on their masks and prepares to fire back at
the police. Outside, the Sheriff tells his men to
get ready and starts counting to three. Bullets
begin to fly as soon as he finishes counting. Otis
fires his Armalite and hits a cop. He also hits
Wydell, causing him to stagger, but the Sheriff
remains alive due to the bulletproof vest. Wydell
fires his shotgun repeatedly at the windows as
he slowly walks toward the house. Before reaching
the door, he orders the men to stop firing and
tells Dobson to throw tear gas into the house.
The firefight continues inside the house
as the family refuses to surrender.
Rufus, who is wearing full body armor,
hits several officers in the shootout.
The family takes cover in the kitchen as
the cops start firing at Rufus repeatedly.
Rufus eventually dies despite his thick
body armor. Mother Firefly rushes over to
him while Otis and Baby make a run for it. The
Sheriff tells Mother Firefly to stop moving,
but she grabs a gun and points it to her head.
She tells the Sheriff that she won't let them
get her. Mother Firefly then pulls the trigger,
but she's out of bullets. Baby and Otis make
their way out of the house through a tunnel in
the basement, where they keep their prisoners.
A nurse driving down the road sees Baby lying
on the ground, so she gets out of the car to
check on her. While the nurse tries to listen to
what she's saying, Baby holds her down while Otis
sneaks up on her and stabs her in the back.
They steal the nurse's car and drive away.
Meanwhile, the Sheriff tells his men to search
the vicinity for Otis and Baby while the others
raid the house. Inside they see severed heads
in refrigerators and skulls used as decorations.
In the crawl space of the house, they find several
decomposing bodies. Dobson calls the Sheriff's
attention to a notebook containing pictures of
the family's victims. Wydell recognizes a clown
who appears in many of the photos, grinning
with glee while posing with the victims.
Captain Spaulding watches himself on
T.V. with delight as he promotes his
new attraction featuring Mary the Monkey.
However, his mood soon changes when the
commercial is suddenly interrupted by a news
update about the raid at the Firefly house.
Before he could pay close attention to the
news, he receives a phone call from Baby,
telling him that he has to hide from
the police. Spaulding tells Baby that
he'll meet them at the Kahiki Palms Motel
as they've planned in cases of emergency.
Spaulding soon contacts his adopted brother,
Charlie, telling him that he will come over to
his brothel to hide for a while. Charlie says it
might not be a good idea, but Spaulding insists
on coming. Unfortunately, Spaulding leaves
the phone hanging before Charlie could balk.
Otis and Baby arrive at the motel, but Baby
is irked that Spaulding is not there yet. Otis
becomes enraged when he hears the news mentioning
Spaulding as a crime suspect on the radio.
Meanwhile, a traveling band called "Banjo &
Sullivan" is also checking into the same motel.
Roy Sullivan, who sings for the band, meets
Baby while getting some ice for his wife.
Baby soon starts flirting with Roy by talking
dirty to him. Roy, shocked by what he's hearing,
asks her to repeat the things she said.
In the band's room, Roy's wife Gloria
watches a talk show discussing crimes
that seemed to be linked to Satanism.
She asks their bandmate, Adam Banjo, to switch the
channel because she's getting bored with the show.
Back outside, Baby asks Roy if
he wants to take her to his room.
Roy tells her that his wife is there,
but Baby insists on going anyway.
She threatens him, saying his brother will
shoot him if he doesn't take her to their room.
Otis suddenly turns up behind
him, pointing a gun at his head.
Gloria asks Adam to switch the channel again, so
he grudgingly complies. Baby and Otis abruptly
storm into the room while pointing a gun at Roy.
The duo tells the group to sit on the bed. Otis
hears the shower running and asks Adam who's
in the bathroom. Adam tries to stop him from
going inside, but Otis shoves him to the bed. Otis
goes into the toilet and drags Adam's wife, Wendy,
out to the bedroom. When he
asks if everyone is in the room,
Roy nods, but their roadie, Jimmy,
suddenly knocks on the door.
Baby gets out to greet Jimmy, who thinks
that he knocked on the wrong door.
She tells him that he has the right room
and invites him in. Once he's inside,
Otis forces him down on his knees
and shoots him in the head. The
horrified band members scream as they
watch Jimmy's body drop to the floor.
Meanwhile, Spaulding runs out of gas on his way
to the motel. When he pulls over, he sees a mother
and a child walking towards their vehicle, so
he approaches them. Spaulding tells the mother
he needs their car because he has a "top secret
clown business" that requires his presence. The
woman laughs it off, but when she realizes that
Spaulding is serious, he tells her son to lock the
door and walks toward the driver's seat. Spaulding
follows her and knocks her out, and gets inside
the car. Before driving away, Spaulding threatens
the child and tells him to get out of the vehicle.
Back at the motel, Baby taunts Roy by
dancing seductively in front of him.
Otis asks Roy if he's enjoying the show. He
says no because he has a wife. Otis tells
Gloria to get up and strip for him to see what
Roy likes so much about her. Gloria reluctantly
removes her clothes after Otis threatens to shoot
someone in the room. Roy covers his face with a
hat as Otis starts stroking his wife with his
gun. When Otis puts the gun in her underwear,
she starts kissing him and pretends to enjoy it.
Otis forces her to go down on him, but he gets
bored and shoves her away. He then calls Adam
and Roy to take a drive with him in their van.
Wydell arrives at the police station to
interrogate Mother Firefly. He shows him a picture
of her family and tells her that Baby will end
up dead if she doesn't tell them where they are.
Mother Firefly derides him by showing the Sheriff
a picture of Wydell's deceased brother, George,
when the family killed him. The Sheriff strikes
her with a closed fist and shoves her to the wall.
He tells her that he will hunt down her family
and make them experience the same suffering that
their victims felt. Other police officers
pull him away as he starts to strangle her.
Otis makes Adam drive to a junkyard
to take the guns he buried there.
Roy asks what he's going to do with them once they
finish the task. He tells them, "that's the end of
the road," implying that he'll kill them. He gets
irritated when they ask him just to let them go,
so he scolds Roy, telling him he's the one calling
the shots. While he yells at Roy, Adam grabs a
large piece of wood and hits Otis on the head.
While Otis is down, he tells Roy to take the gun.
Adam chokes Otis with the piece of wood, but Otis
manages to grab a knife and stabs Adam in the leg.
As Otis tries to take his gun from Roy, Adam pulls
out the knife and walks toward Otis to stab him.
Otis, however, manages to point the gun at Adam
and shoot while Roy was holding the weapon. Adam
gets hit in the neck. Otis hits Roy repeatedly
with the piece of wood and asks Roy to pray before
bashing his head until he dies. He then walks over
to Adam and stabs him repeatedly with the knife.
At the motel, Wendy asks Baby if she could go
to the bathroom. Baby tells her that she has
to do something for her before she can go,
so she asks her to hit Gloria in the face.
She hits Gloria lightly, so Baby tells her to do
it harder. She hits her harder, but Baby is still
not satisfied. Baby finally agrees to let Wendy
go to the toilet when she strikes Gloria hard.
Once inside, she locks the door
and starts yelling for help.
When Baby tries to go after her, Gloria
runs to the table to grab the gun.
Baby, hiding a knife behind her, tries
to convince Gloria not to shoot her,
saying she's their only hope in surviving
their ordeal because her brother's crazy.
While still pointing a gun at Baby, Gloria
tells Wendy that it's alright to come out.
While Gloria is distracted, Baby flings the
knife at Gloria, hitting her in the chest.
Gloria yanks the knife from her chest in
shock. Baby then pulls down her pants,
telling Gloria to go ahead and shoot her. So
Gloria pulls the trigger and finds out that
it's not loaded. As Baby pulls her pants back up,
Wendy runs out of the bathroom and sprints toward
the door. As soon as she gets out, she calls
for help by knocking on every room and yelling.
She runs over to a man, thinking he would help
her. But when she reaches him, Baby calls out to
him, telling him to grab Wendy. Spaulding then
headbutts Wendy, knocking her to the ground.
At the police station, Dobson learns that
Captain Spaulding is one of the characters
from a Marx Brothers movie. They contact a
movie critic who lists all the Marx brothers'
significant characters and a list of films that
featured Groucho. Wydell looks at the list and
discovers that all the aliases used by the Firefly
family were characters from Marx brothers' movies.
Back at the motel, Otis bursts into the room to
scare off the people inside by wearing Adam's
face as a mask. As they prepare to leave, Baby
asks Spaulding what they should do with Wendy.
Spaulding hints that they should let the maid deal
with her in the morning. Otis says he has a better
idea. He then shows Wendy the detached face of
Adam and puts it on her face. When the maid goes
inside to clean up the next day, she finds the
dead bodies of Gloria and Jimmy in the bathroom.
As she is heading out, she sees Wendy hanging
on the front door with her husband's face
strapped to her head. Wendy falls on top of the
maid and tries to ask her for help. The maid,
however, breaks free and runs out
of the room. Wendy follows her out,
but she soon decides to run to the middle
of the road and flag the cars down for help.
Unfortunately, a truck runs over her,
leaving her entrails scattered on the road.
Wydell arrives at the scene and asks the maid if
she saw Spaulding and his kids, but she said she
never came across them. Wydell then meets
with a pair of bounty hunters named Rondo
and Billy Ray Snapper to
help him track down the trio.
Later that night, Wydell stops by the Firefly
house and goes to the basement. He sees a man
sitting on the couch and points the gun at him,
thinking that he is Spaulding. When he takes a
closer look, he sees his deceased brother George.
He tells Wydell that he's living in the Firefly's
basement now, and he can't rest until every
member of the Firefly family is dead. He asks
Wydell to kill them. Wydell soon wakes up from the
dream in his office upon hearing the phone ring.
Rondo has called Wydell to let him know that
he tracked a guy using the alias Wolf J.
Flywheel and he has a partner who
refers to himself as The Captain.
Rondo went on to inform him that
Flywheel's real name is Charlie Altamont.
Wydell pays a visit to Mother Firefly
in jail and tells the guard to go home.
She immediately starts taunting him, saying
she knew he wouldn't be able to resist her.
Mother Firefly then asks him if he enjoys doing
it rough. Wydell indulges her and picks her up
from the ground, telling her that he'd rather
do it slowly. As Mother Firefly continues to
provoke him, Wydell suddenly stabs her in
the chest. After watching the light fade
away from her eyes, Wydell pulls the knife
out of her chest and tosses it on the table.
The murderous trio soon arrives at
Charlie's brothel to hide there for a while.
After catching up with Charlie on old times,
the three go inside to party with his girls.
Charlie goes to a farm the following day to buy
fresh chickens for Spaulding. However, Wydell
blocks them on their way out and asks them about
the clown. When Charlie pretends not to know him,
Wydell pulls the truck's door to squeeze Charlie's
fingers. The Sheriff tells Charlie to make sure
that Spaulding and his kids are at the brothel at
midnight, threatening to shoot him if he refuses.
Wydell visits Rondo and Billy Ray to tell them
that he wants the Captain and his kids alive.
That night, Charlie and Spaulding enjoy drinks
while Otis is in bed with a girl named Candy.
Baby is enjoying a bath while talking
to Cassey, a worker at the brothel.
When Cassey goes to the fridge to get a drink
for Baby, Rondo grabs her and slashes her neck.
Meanwhile, Billy Ray interrupts Candy and Otis
while they're fooling around with each other.
Candy grabs a gun and points it at
Billy, but he shoots her in the head.
Otis attacks Billy, but the bounty hunter throws
him out the window. When Rondo comes across Baby,
he immediately tells her to get
out of the bathtub and get dressed.
Wydell soon shows up inside the brothel to
confront Spaulding while he's enjoying a smoke.
The Sheriff chugs down a shot of liquor and slams
the glass on the bar before facing the clown.
Spaulding is surprised to see Wydell,
but he soon starts provoking him.
He tells the Sheriff to make sure he's dead
when he shoots because when he comes back,
he'll make him suffer. Wydell shoots Spaulding
in the leg and takes him outside. Charlie stands
around and watches Rondo and Billy Ray
load the three killers into the truck.
Charlie tells Spaulding not to take the betrayal
personally because it was just business.
Wydell brings the family back to their
house and ties them up in the basement.
The Sheriff tells them that his family has always
been involved in vigilante justice, even though he
wanted to follow the rules at one point. He
then shows them a picture of a girl who was
found in their house. Otis, without any remorse,
recalls that he cut her tongue out and tied her to
his bed for a month. Wydell walks over to him
and staples the picture to his chest, telling
him that he can have the photo as a souvenir.
When he shows them another image, Baby tells him
that she's her victim. So, he staples the photo
to Baby's chest and hits her face with a bottle.
Later, the Sheriff shows Spaulding a picture
of his late brother. Spaulding starts insulting
Wydell's brother, so the Sheriff proceeds
to electrocute him with a cattle prod. He
proceeds to beat Spaulding repeatedly with
the prod before using it to shock Otis.
He then shows Baby a picture of Mother Firefly and
tells her that he killed the woman the other day.
Baby refuses to believe him, but he
assures her that the photos are real.
He goes on to tell Baby that he
has something special just for her.
Wydell goes back to Otis to nail his hands to the
armrest of the chair, mocking him as he pounds
on the nail. He goes on to untie Baby and tells
her to run while the other two are unconscious.
The Sheriff pours gasoline on
the floor and lights it up.
While running from Wydell, Baby goes inside
the barn to look for something she can use
as a weapon. Charlie suddenly grabs her from
behind, telling her to calm down so he could
help her get away. Charlie takes her to his car
and tells her to stay put. As he is leaving,
Wydell shows up and hacks him with an ax.
As Baby tries to get away, the Sheriff
shoots her in the leg. He then starts
hitting her with a bullwhip and tries to choke
her to death. As he continues to attack Baby,
Tiny appears behind him and grabs him by the
neck. Tiny twists Wydell's neck and drops him
to the ground. As Baby catches her breath, she
tells Tiny that Otis and Spaulding are still in
the house. Tiny goes inside to pull out the
nails from Otis' hands and untie Spaulding.
After getting out of the house, the trio gets
inside the car and says farewell to Tiny,
who goes back to their burning home. The family
drives away, feeling weary from their ordeal.
Spaulding and Baby fall asleep in the
back of the convertible while Otis drives.
However, he stops when he comes across a
roadblock. Instead of turning back, he wakes
up the two in the backseat and hands them their
weapons. Baby gets up on the backseat and aims
her revolver at the cops, prompting them to get
into position and shoot back at them. While Otis
drives toward the roadblock, the police shower
the trio with bullets hitting them multiple times.